Multitris Command Sequences
===========================

Multitris command sequences, are command's which are exchanged beetween some
kind of mutlitris server and client. Multitris command sequences are
transmitted over some kind of connection. With some limitations multitris
command sequences can be transmitted without connections. This is described
in paragraph "connectionless multitris command sequences"

Direction
---------

Multitris command sequences always have a direction. Possible directions are
client -> server, server -> client, and server <-> client. All obligatory
commands (except Chuck Norris) may not be send against this direction.

Commands
--------

Commands are separated by a newline. A newline has the value of 10. A command
consists of a name and optionally arguments. The command name consists of only
Uppercase Letters. Uppercase Letters can have the values from 65 which is a
'A' to 90 which is a 'Z'. Arguments are Separated from the command name and
from each other by a Space. A Space has the value 32.

Arguments
---------

Arguments can be Numbers and Strings.

Numbers consist of an option leading Minus and Digits. A Minus has the value
45. Digits have values from 48 which is a '0' to '57' which is a '9'. Numbers
are represented in a decimal number system. The '0' represents the 0, the '9'
represents the 9. The most significant digit comes first. A leading minus
indicates the Number must be multiplied by -1.

Strings consist of Characters. A Character can be either a Percent followed by
a Digit or Uppercase Letter followed by a Uppercase Letter or Digit, or a
value which is not a Percent, a Space, or a Newline. A Percent has the value
37. The value of a Character which consists of  Percent followed by a Digit or
Uppercase Letter followed by a Uppercase Letter or Digit, is the value of the
two Digits or Uppercase Letters interpreted in the hexadecimal number system.
Therefore the '0' represents a 0 and the 'F' represents a 15. The most
significant digit comes first.

Optional Commands
-----------------

Optional Commands can be ignored by the either side. Optional commands can be
transmitted against the direction. All commands which are not specified as
obligatory are optional.

Chuck Norris
------------

Chuck Norris is a commands sequence to check if the other side is alive. The
side which wants to check transmits a "CHUCK n" command, where n is a Number.
The other side must answer with a "NORRIS n" command where n is the same n as
in "CHUCK n". If the other side does not answer in a certain time, the side
may be considered dead. "CHUCK n" is an obligatory command. "NORRIS n" is an
optional command. "CHUCK n" is the only obligatory command which can be
transmitted against the direction.

Connectionless Multitris Command Sequences
------------------------------------------

This is an extension for Multitris Command Sequences to not be limited to
connections. Connectionless Mutlitris Command Sequences have some limitations
and drawbacks. It is not recommended to use Connectionless Multiris Command
Sequences in setups where Connections are possible.

Commands can be either separated by a Newline or by the package border.

For every Connectionless Multitris Command Sequence Connection a Cookie is
needed. A Cookie consists of a String. The cookie must be chosen in such a
way, that nobody can guess the cookie. If supported by the transport protocol,
the cookie must be exchanged beforehand. Otherwise the command "COOKIE cookie"
must be transmitted before any other command. The command "COOKIE cookie" is
only in that case obligatory. If the direction is server <-> client, measures
must be taken to ensure, only one side sends the COOKIE command. In that case
it is recommended to only let the server transmit the "COOKIE cookie" command.
The cookie must be transmitted with every command. If supported by the
transport protocol, the transport protocol should handle the transmission of
the cookie. Otherwise each Command Sequence must be preceded by the cookie
followed by a Space.
the 
